# Is-Least-Profitable-Always-Unprofitable

The business world is enamoured by dashboards. Why? Few static reporting tools emulate the interactivity and drill-down capabilities of a dashboard, making dashboards an incredibly powerful decision-making tool.
As usual, you will likely create numerous data visualizations. These visualizations give you a snapshot of a story within the data. Each insight into the data answers a question or two. At times, the discovery and analysis phase is enough for you to make a critical decision, and the cycle is complete. In other cases, you will need to bring the snapshots together to communicate a complete and compelling story to your intended audience. Tableau allows you to bring together related data visualizations into a single dashboard. This dashboard could be a static view of various aspects of the data or a fully interactive environment, allowing users to dynamically filter, drill down, and interact with the data visualizations.
Allowing the audience to interact with a dashboard and change the details being displayed provides a means to shift context—leading to new and potentially important discoveries. Assembling dashboards in Tableau is fun for the designer, and a good dashboard design can delight the audience.

**Let's say I've been tasked with helping management find which items are the least profitable. Management feels that most of the least profitable items should be eliminated from their inventory. However, since I've done your analysis, I've discovered that certain items, while not profitable overall, have made Profit at times in various locations. My primary objective is to give management the ability to quickly see an analysis of the least profitable items to identify whether an item has always been unprofitable.**
